docs: Graduate Component HotReloading to GA (#5162)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/components/component-updates.md

description: "Updating deployed components, configurations, resiliency, and HTTPEndpoints used by applications"
---

> Since Dapr v1.18, updates to deployed resources (Components, Subscriptions, Configurations, Resiliency, and HTTPEndpoints) are picked up automatically by the sidecar via [hot reloading](#hot-reloading). Hot reloading is enabled by default; to opt out, disable the `HotReload` feature in the [Dapr application configuration]({{% ref "preview-features.md" %}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates to deployed resources (Components, Subscriptions, Configurations, Resiliency, WorkflowAccessPolicies and HTTPEndpoints) are picked up automatically by the sidecar via [hot reloading](#hot-reloading). Hot reloading is enabled by default; to opt out, disable the `HotReload` feature in the [Dapr application configuration]({{% ref "preview-features.md" %}}).
```

### Configurations, Resiliency, and HTTPEndpoints

> The Dapr sidecar also reloads [Configuration]({{% ref "configuration-overview.md" %}}), [Resiliency]({{% ref "resiliency-overview.md" %}}), and [HTTPEndpoint]({{% ref "service-invocation-overview.md" %}}) resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dapr sidecar also reloads [Configuration]({{% ref "configuration-overview.md" %}}), [Resiliency]({{% ref "resiliency-overview.md" %}}), WorkflowAccessPolicy({{% ref "workflow-access-policy.md" %}}) and [HTTPEndpoint]({{% ref "service-invocation-overview.md" %}}) resources.
```

Author: @msfussell I cannot find the workflow-access-policy.md file, they are still pending to be merged https://github.com/dapr/docs/pull/5114/changes , I will add the reference but it will not work until the other one is merged
